Use 'agent' term where possible, stop using 'blacklist' and 'whitelist' (#3469)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/security/advisory/2020-03-09.adoc

    This allows attackers able to specify and run sandboxed scripts to execute arbitrary code in the context of the Jenkins master JVM.

    PLUGIN_NAME 1.71 has additional restrictions and sanity checks to ensure that super constructors cannot be constructed without being intercepted by the sandbox.

>     In addition, it also intercepts method calls on objects that implement `GroovyInterceptable` as calls to `GroovyObject#invokeMethod(String, Object)`, which is a prohibited method.

Reviewer: I would probably use the "dangerous" terminology here:

```suggestion
    In addition, it also intercepts method calls on objects that implement `GroovyInterceptable` as calls to `GroovyObject#invokeMethod(String, Object)`, which is on the list of dangerous signatures and should not be approved for use in the sandbox.
```
